people call me a princess
but behind the palace gates and in the
shadow of my sister
the soon-to-be Queen it was me the
second born who was chosen to protect
our kingdom
good morning class we are going to have
fun this summer as members of the secret
society of second-born Royals you guys
have super powers we're superheroes
there's a special gene exclusive to
second borns of Royal bloodlines a gene
that gives some of us extraordinary
abilities
your abilities are unique to you alone
this test is designed to help sharpen
your supersenses
does that involve push-ups I have a
doctor's note for that oh yeah you're
definitely not gonna like it for
thousands of years second borns like you
have protected our kingdoms from threats
he wants the throne
he's more powerful than any of us but
he's not more powerful than all of us
royalty by day
zero by night
it sells pretty dope
where the fairy tale ends
is where our story begins
you
[Music]